# Employee-performance-of-INX-Future-Inc
Based on given features we need to find which employees are likely to be non-performing of INX Future Inc.
__Preface__
INX Future Inc , (referred as INX ) , is one of the leading data analytics and automation solutions provider with over 15 years of global business presence. INX is consistently rated as top 20 best employers past 5 years. INX human resource policies are considered as employee friendly and widely perceived as best practices in the industry.

__Domain Analysis__
Recent years, the employee performance indexes are not healthy and this is becoming a growing concerns among the top management. There has been increased escalations on service delivery and client satisfaction levels came down by 8 percentage points. CEO, Mr. Brain, knows the issues but concerned to take any actions in penalizing non-performing employees as this would affect the employee morale of all the employees in general and may further reduce the performance. Also, the market perception best employer and thereby attracting best talents to join the company. Mr. Brain decided to initiate a data science project , which analyses the current employee data and find the core underlying causes of this performance issues. Mr. Brain, being a data scientist himself, expects the findings of this project will help him to take right course of actions. He also expects a clear indicators of non performing employees, so that any penalization of non-performing employee, if required, may not significantly affect other employee morals
